README.md, before:

# Project Two: Implement and Apply Stack and Queue
* Austin Howard
* 2024U_CSCI251_VA - Data Structures
* Jun 20, 2024
* Instructor: Leticia Rabor

## Project	Description
In this	project, students are required to implement a stack and queue class in order to analyze palindromes within a 
given string. A main class is implemented in CSCI463ProjectTwo to analyze the palindrome and provide the user with 
a console interface for ease of use.

The instructor has provided a rigid class and method structures that I must work within. I have defined these to match
the project requirements listed below.

The goal of this project is to familiarize programmers with the functions of stacks and queues and uses palindromes to
illustrate these concepts in a practical manner.

## Project Requirements
1. Use ArrayList to implement MyStack class which defines the data structure that has Last In First Out property (35%)
2. Use ArrayList to implement MyQueue class which defines the data structure that has First In First Out property (35%)
3. Write a function public static Boolean isPalindrome(String sentence) (30%). 
This function returns true if the sentence is a palindrome; false otherwise.

## License
Uses GNU GPL v3.0  
Please see license in main branch.

Commit message:

Readme Modification
- Changed the content of README.md slightly

README.md, after:

# Project Two: Implement and Apply Stack and Queue
* Austin Howard
* 2024U_CSCI251_VA - Data Structures
* Jun 20, 2024
* Instructor: Leticia Rabor

## Project Description
In this	project, students are required to implement a stack and queue class in order to analyze palindromes within a 
given string. A main class is implemented in CSCI463ProjectTwo to analyze the palindrome and provide the user with 
a console interface for ease of use.

The instructor has provided a rigid class and method structures that I must work within. I have defined these to match
the project requirements listed below.

The goal of this project is to familiarize programmers with the functions of stacks and queues and uses palindromes to
illustrate these concepts in a practical manner.

## Lecturer's Notes
#### Project Requirements
1. Use ArrayList to implement MyStack class which defines the data structure that has Last In First Out property (35%)
2. Use ArrayList to implement MyQueue class which defines the data structure that has First In First Out property (35%)
3. Write a function public static Boolean isPalindrome(String sentence) (30%). 
This function returns true if the sentence is a palindrome; false otherwise.

#### Sample Files
Three sample files are given. The students should add necessary comments to all files and implement all functionalities in the given files. No extra functions can be added. No function name can be changed. The students should run the executable jar file to see how the project should run. The students should zip the whole project and submit it via the Blackboard link.

## License
Uses GNU GPL v3.0  
Please see license in main branch.
